Setup the official documentation (#12)
apache/skywalking-rover: docs/en/setup/configuration/process_discovery/vm.md

# VM Process Detector

> The VM process detector could be detected any process in the VM with finders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VM process detector could detect any process in the VM with finders.
```

Each finder could define a regex to filter which processes need to be monitored, and the metadata of the process when the report to the backend.

## Configuration

| Name | Default | Environment Key | Description |
|------|---------|-----------------|-------------|
| process_discovery.vm.active | false | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_ACTIVE | Is active the VM mode to detect processes. |
| process_discovery.vm.period | 3s | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_PERIOD | The period to detect the process. |
| process_discovery.vm.finders | | | It could be define multiple finders to find the process. It only provide one finder by default. |
| process_discovery.vm.finders.match_cmd_regex | | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_FINDER_MATCH_CMD_REGEX | Use regex string to locate the process from the command line of the process. |

> | process_discovery.vm.finders.layer | OS_LINUX | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_FINDER_LAYER | The Layer need to relate to the process entity |

Reviewer: Replace all `need to` to `define`/`declare` or something.

Author: Updated.

| process_discovery.vm.finders.process_name | {{.Process.ExeName}} | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_FINDER_PROCESS_NAME | The Process Name need to relate to the process entity, by default, the process name is the executable name of the process. |
| process_discovery.vm.finders.labels | | ROVER_PROCESS_DISCOVERY_VM_FINDER_PROCESS_LABELS | The Process Labels, used to aggregate similar process from service entity. Multiple labels split by ",". |

### Note

The duplicate processes entities cannot be reported. If multiple entities are generated, only one process will be reported.
If the multiple finders could match the same process, only the first finder could be selected and reported.

## Entity Builder

The metadata of the process could build by the Go Template to help dynamically build them, also, you could just configure it as the string value, and it still works.

These fields are supported using template to build:
1. Service Name
2. Service Instance Name
3. Process NAme

### Context

> The context provided multiple functions for helping you build the process metadata.

Reviewer: `provided` -> `provides`, don't use pass-tense。
